I KEEP TELLING YOU,
I'M FINE.
DO PEOPLE
WHO ARE FINE SPEND
THE ENTIRE AFTERNOON
IN OUR BATHROOM
THROWING UP?
BUT I'M FINE NOW.
MOM. I'M NOT
TAKING SIDES,
BUT DAD'S RIGHT.
YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO GET BETTER
UNLESS YOU GET
SOME REST.
I DON'T BELIEVE THIS.
MY OWN SON.
GALE,
THE GUINNESS TAP
JUST RAN DRY,
WE'RE OUT OF
STOLI,
AND SOMEBODY
JUST FOUND
A HAIR
IN THE PRETZELS.
OK. CALL THE BEER DISTRIBUTOR.
TELL HIM HE'S A WEEK LATE.
IF HE CAN'T GET HIS ASS
OVER TODAY, HE'S FIRED.
GIVE THE GUY WHO FOUND A HAIR
A FREE DRINK.
PUT OUT
A FRESH BOWL OF PRETZELS
AND THEN TELL MY HUSBAND
AND MY TRAITOR SON
TO GET OFF MY BACK.
YOU HEARD
THE WOMAN.
FOR THE SAKE OF
YOUR BUSINESS GO HOME
BEFORE YOUR
CUSTOMERS CATCH
YOUR STOMACH FLU
AND WE HAVE
TO RENAME
THE RESTAURANT
LEERY'S PENDING
LAWSUIT.
HE'S RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT. ALL RIGHT.
I GIVE UP.
SHE PROMISED ME
SHE'D GO
TO THE DOCTOR
LAST WEEK.
I THOUGHT SHE HAD
THE SAME THING YOU HAD.
YOURS DIDN'T
KEEP COMING BACK.
GUYS, GALE'S BEEN
THROWING UP A LOT, RIGHT?
AND SHE'S STILL HUNGRY
AND PUTTING ON SOME WEIGHT?
SHE'S TIRED ALL THE TIME?
HER BACK HURTS?
IRRITABILITY, MOOD SWINGS?
YEAH.
THE WORST.
HOW'D YOU KNOW?
SOUNDS TO ME LIKE SHE'LL
BE FEELING A LOT BETTER
IN ABOUT 9 MONTHS.
WHAT?
HOW'S IT GOING IN THERE?
Gale: I CAN'T
CONCENTRATE WITH YOU
TALKING OUT THERE
ABOUT WHAT I'M DOING
IN HERE.
OK, NOW IT'S
WAY TOO QUIET.
UH, DAWSON, UM,
SO HAVE YOU STARTED
STUDYING FOR
YOUR S.A.T.s, YET?
TOOK THE S.A.T.s. TWICE.
I KNEW THAT.
IT'S PINK.
Mitch: ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT. FIRST THING
WE DO IS, UH,
WE GET YOU TO
A DOCTOR A.S.A.P.
TO CONFIRM YOUR RESULTS
AND MAKE SURE
EVERYTHING'S OK.
WHERE YOU GOING?
UH, I'M LATE. IT'S MY FIRST DAY
PAINTING MR. BROOKS' HOUSE.
WELL, AREN'T YOU
GOING TO SAY
ANYTHING FIRST?
CONGRATULATIONS.
UH-UH-UH.
WHAT'S WRONG?
WHY'D YOU STOP?
UH, WELL, BECAUSE
EVERY AFTERNOON,
WE SIT OUT HERE
AND WE MAKE OUT, AND THEN
INEVITABLY AT SOME POINT,
YOU STOP US, AND WE JUST
GO INSIDE AND WATCH TV
FOR THE REST
OF THE AFTERNOON.
SO TODAY I'M ISSUING
A PREEMPTIVE STRIKE.
AND I'M ISSUING
A COUNTEROFFENSIVE.
NO, NO. STOP RIGHT THERE.
HAVEN'T YOU EVER HEARD
THE TERM NO MEANS NO?
I DON'T THINK
I'VE EVER
HEARD THAT FROM YOU.
WELL, YOU'RE HEARING IT NOW.
I'M SERIOUS.
IT'S TIME FOR US
TO WATCH SOME TV.
LET ME GET THIS
STRAIGHT.
YOUR GIRLFRIEND
OFFERS YOU HER LIPS
IN THE SPIRIT OF TEENAGE
LUST, AND YOU'D RATHER
SIT HERE AND WATCH
THE E! TRUE HOLLYWOOD
STORY  ON DANNY BONADUCE
FOR THE FOURTH TIME?
YOU ALWAYS GET TO STOP IT.
AND I NEVER GET TO STOP IT.
SO TODAY, I'M STOPPING IT.
STOP IT, PACEY.
I JUST DID.
YOU KNOW
WHAT I MEAN.
AND YOU KNOW HOW I FEEL.
ARE WE HAVING
A FIGHT?
WELL, NOT TO THE BEST
OF MY KNOWLEDGE.
FEELS LIKE ONE
OF THOSE TIMES
WHEN YOU SAY
THAT YOU'RE
KIDDING AROUND,
BUT REALLY,
WE'RE HAVING
A FIGHT, PACE.
I ASSURE YOU, EVERYTHING IS
PERFECTLY ALL RIGHT.
HOW DID I GET MYSELF
INTO THIS?
I WAS
A MEDIOCRE SOCCER PLAYER
BACK IN JUNIOR HIGH.
I KNOW NOTHING
ABOUT KIDS.
I'VE NEVER COACHED
ANYTHING IN MY LIFE.
COME ON, COACHING PEEWEE SOCCER
IS A GREAT OPPORTUNITY
TO HELP MOLD YOUNG MINDS,
TEACH THEM ABOUT TEAMWORK
AND SPORTSMANSHIP.
OK. THE ONLY REASON TO DO IT
IS BECAUSE IT LOOKS GOOD
ON YOUR COLLEGE APPS.
BUT DON'T WORRY. I TAKE
FULL RESPONSIBILITY SHOULD IT
TURN OUT TO BE DISASTROUS.
DAMN STRAIGHT.
OH! HEY, KIDS.
I'M ANDIE,
AND THIS IS
MY BROTHER JACK.
AND TOGETHER,
WE ARE ALL
ABOUT TO EMBARK UPON
A SOCCER EXPERIENCE
THAT WILL ENRICH
YOUR LIVES
FOR YEARS TO COME.
Kids: OHH.
OK. EVERYBODY WHO
WANTS TO HAVE SOME FUN,
RAISE THEIR HANDS.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
HER NAME
IS MOLLY,
COACH JACK.
MOLLY.
YOU DON'T WANT TO TALK, MOLLY?
HOW COME?
'CAUSE SHE
HATES SOCCER.
SHUT UP.
SHE HATES SOCCER.
WHY DO YOU HATE SOCCER, MOLLY?
OK. YOU DON'T WANT TO TALK,
THAT'S FINE.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO TALK
IF YOU DON'T WANT TO TALK.
GEE, THANKS.
I HEARD SOMETHING.
I THINK SHE TALKED.
ANYWAY, WHAT MOLLY
DOESN'T KNOW IS THAT
BY THE END OF THE SEASON,
NO ONE IS
GOING TO HATE SOCCER,
'CAUSE WE'RE GOING TO HAVE
SO MUCH FUN
RUNNIN' AROUND, WINNING SOME
GAMES, AND EATING PLENTY
OF PIZZA AFTERWARDS.
SO WHO'S WITH ME?
Kids: ME! YEAH!
I THINK YOU HAVE THAT SPACE
COVERED, MR. LEERY.
UNLESS YOU'D LIKE TO BE
WORKING OFF YOUR DEBT
INTO THE NEXT MILLENNIUM.
SORRY ABOUT THAT,
MR. BROOKS.
WHAT MIGHT BE PROMPTING
SUCH A DISTRACTED PERFORMANCE?
WORRIED WHICH POMPOM GIRL
TO ASK TO THE PEP RALLY?
MIGHT I REMIND YOU THAT
ALTHOUGH I'M NOT PAYING YOU,
IT IS YOU WHO OWES ME
THE DEBT OF SERVICE.
SO I SUGGEST YOU WORK IT OFF
TO THE BEST OF YOUR ABILITY
AND LEAVE THE JUVENILE ANGST
ON THE PLAYGROUND
WHERE IT BELONGS.
WILL DO, MR. BROOKS.
WELL, WELL, WHAT'S THIS?
FANCY YOURSELF A PHOTOGRAPHER,
AN ARTISTE?
LET'S HAVE A LOOK AT THESE.
COULD YOU LEAVE
MY PERSONAL PROPERTY
ALONE, PLEASE?
SURELY THE BOY WHO STOLE
AND WRECKED MY BOAT
IS NOT GIVING ME
A LECTURE ON THE SANCTITY
OF PERSONAL PROPERTY?
PEDESTRIAN.
WHOLLY UNINTERESTING.
AMATEURISH AND
TERRIBLE COMPOSITION, TOO.
YOU--YOU DIDN'T
TAKE THIS ON PURPOSE?
WHEW!
AS A PHOTOGRAPHER,
YOU'RE A MEDIOCRE
HOUSE PAINTER, MR. LEERY.
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT YOUR PROBLEM IS?
THOSE PHOTOS
ARE COLD, UNEMOTIONAL.
THERE IS NO SPARK.
THANK YOU
FOR THE COGENT
ANALYSIS.
I WILL KEEP THAT
IN MIND NEXT TIME.
HEY, THERE.
WELL, LOOKS LIKE
WE WERE BOTH ROBBED
ON THAT
HISTORY TEST.
"B-", MY ASS.
WHAT DID YOU GET?
I THINK
I SET THE CURVE.
WELL, I CAN SEE
HOW THAT WOULD BE
AGGRAVATING.
[GIGGLES]
JEEZ!
WHAT'S WRONG?
NOTHING.
MASHED POTATOES
ARE COLD.
I GOT YOU.
SO, IT'S JUST BEEN
ONE TRAGEDY
AFTER ANOTHER
TODAY, HUH?
MASHED POTATOES ARE COLD,
AND SO AM I.
IS THIS ABOUT SEX?
IS IT THAT OBVIOUS?
HEH! NO, NOT REALLY.
IT'S JUST--
IT'S JUST THAT
IT ALWAYS IS.
I THINK PACEY
IS STARTING
TO GET IMPATIENT.
JOEY, HE LOVES YOU.
HE'LL WAIT.
BUT, JEN,
PACEY'S NOT THE PROBLEM.
IT'S ME.
I MEAN, LET'S FACE IT.
THE WAITING JUST GOES
ON AND ON,
AND AT THIS POINT,
EVEN I'M GETTING
IMPATIENT,
BUT...FOR SOME REASON,
I JUST KEEP WAITING.
JOEY, LET ME
ASK YOU SOMETHING.
ARE YOU SURE
THAT YOU REALLY
WANNA HAVE SEX?
OF COURSE
I WANNA HAVE SEX.
THE QUESTION IS
AM I READY?
BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW
HOW YOU KNOW. I MEAN...
EVERYONE JUST SAYS
THAT YOU JUST KNOW,
BUT WHAT IF THAT'S
JUST WHAT THEY SAY
AND THEY NEVER
REALLY KNOW?
JOEY, I THINK
THAT YOU'D FEEL
MORE READY
IF YOU WERE
ACTUALLY PREPARED.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
LISTEN...FOR GIRLS
IN NEW YORK,
A VISIT
TO THE FREE CLINIC
TO GET
BIRTH CONTROL,
SAFE-SEX ADVICE--
IT'S A RITE
OF PASSAGE.
IT'S LIKE GETTING
A BAT MITZVAH
OR, YOU KNOW,
YOUR LEARNER'S
PERMIT TEST.
THE FREE CLINIC.
YEAH.
THE TRUTH IS
I DON'T THINK
THAT ANYBODY
EVER REALLY KNOWS
IF THEY'RE READY,
BUT YOU DO KNOW
IF YOU'RE PREPARED,
AND YOU'RE NOT.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
TO RESPONSIBLE
SEXUAL GRATIFICATION.
TO WOMANHOOD.
CHEERS.
YOU OK?
I'M FINE.
LOOK, I'VE BEEN
THINKING ABOUT IT.
I KNOW
THIS IS TERRIFYING.
THERE'S SO MANY CARDS
STACKED AGAINST US,
BUT IT'S GONNA BE OK.
AND DON'T WORRY
ABOUT DAWSON.
HE'S JUST SHOCKED,
BUT HE'LL BE FINE.
IT'S A GOOD SHOCK.
NOW, MITCH, HAVE YOU
THOUGHT AT ALL
ABOUT HOW WE CAN POSSIBLY
SEND DAWSON TO COLLEGE
AND  RAISE
ANOTHER CHILD?
WE'RE ALREADY IN DEBT
AS IT IS.
AND WHAT ABOUT THE FACT
WE'RE NOT EXACTLY
25-YEAR-OLDS ANYMORE?
DO WE EVEN HAVE
THE STAMINA
TO BE PARENTS
ALL OVER AGAIN?
THAT'S 20 MORE YEARS
THAT WE WOULD
HAVE TO COMMIT
TO ANOTHER CHILD.
NOT TO MENTION
WHAT WE PUT DAWSON THROUGH
THESE PAST FEW YEARS.
WHAT IF THAT
HAPPENS AGAIN?
THAT'S NOT GONNA
HAPPEN AGAIN.
I DON'T KNOW.
I CAN'T HELP THINKING
THAT WE SHOULD HAVE
THOUGHT ABOUT THIS BEFORE.
MAYBE THAT'S TRUE...
BUT YOU'RE
PREGNANT NOW.
I MEAN,
THAT'S THE REALITY.
UM...
MITCH, YOU'RE
AVOIDING ONE THING.
JUST BECAUSE
I'M PREGNANT
DOESN'T MEAN
THAT I HAVE TO STAY
THAT WAY.
AND IF I WERE
TO MAKE THAT DECISION
RIGHT THIS SECOND...
I WOULDN'T.
HEY, GUYS.
SO TRAGIC.
ALL THESE ADULTS
PUSHING THEIR KIDS
OUT ONTO THE FIELD
IN ORDER TO MAKE
ONE LAST GRASP
AT VICARIOUS GLORY.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
I'M CAROLINE,
BY THE WAY.
CAROLINE SAY.
MOLLY'S OLDER SISTER.
MOM HAD ME
WHEN SHE WAS 21,
MOLLY WHEN SHE WAS 40.
MM-HMM.
THAT WOULD MAKE ME 28,
IN CASE YOU WERE WONDERING.
GOTCHA.
AND HOW OLD
WOULD THAT MAKE YOU?
I'M 18.
HMM.
GIRLFRIEND?
UH, SISTER.
OH. COOL.
HEH HEH HEH.
COACH JACK,
AM I MAKING YOU
UNCOMFORTABLE?
[LAUGHS] NO.
WHY WOULD YOU SAY THAT?
OH, I JUST THOUGHT
MAYBE YOU THOUGHT
I WAS FLIRTING
OR SOMETHING.
FLIRTING? WHY--
WHY WOULD I THINK
YOU'RE FLIRTING?
BECAUSE I AM
FLIRTING.
HEH! UM...
CAROLINE?
MM-HMM?
UH, LOOK,
I-I'M FLATTERED
AND EVERYTHING,
BUT, UH--
I'M COMING ON
TOO STRONG.
AND YOU'RE SHY.
YEAH, SEE, I--I AM.
I'M SHY AND--
AND I'M--
SHY AND WHAT?
SHY AND...
ALL RIGHT, YOU MULL
THAT ONE OVER,
AND I'LL JUST BE SEEING
YOUR SWEET FACE TOMORROW.
UNTIL THEN,
AU REVOIR,
COACH JACK.
THAT OLD MAN
IS CLEARLY NUTS.
THESE ARE GREAT,
DAWSON.
ACTUALLY,
HE'S RIGHT.
THEY SUCK.
NO, THEY MOST DEFINITELY
DO NOT SUCK.
OH, IT'S OK.
[SHUTTER CLICKS]
ONE HAS TO SUCK
BEFORE YOU CAN
STOP SUCKING.
TRUE GENIUS BEGINS
IN MEDIOCRITY.
WELL, I APPRECIATE
THE HUMBLE ARTIST BIT.
IT'S WAY PREFERABLE
TO SELF-DESCRIBED GENIUS.
BUT EVEN YOU CANNOT DENY
YOUR NATURAL ABILITIES.
OK, IF YOU DON'T STOP
TAKING MY PICTURE,
I'M GONNA SMACK YOU.
AM I MAKING YOU
UNCOMFORTABLE?
YES.
GOOD.
[GIGGLES]
STOP IT!
I MEAN IT! STOP!
I'M JUST GONNA FINISH
THIS ROLE OF FILM.
NO! COME ON. AAH!
[BOTH LAUGHING]
STOP!
[SHUTTER CLICKS]
[HUFFS]
SO...
YOU KNOW,
YOU'RE RIGHT
ABOUT MY MOM.
SHE'S PREGNANT.
[SHUTTER CLICKS]
I FIGURED.
MAYBE YOU CAN
HELP ME. I'M--
WHEN I FOUND OUT...
HEH. I WAS UPSET.
REALLY? WHY?
WELL, THEY'RE
IN THEIR FORTIES.
THEY'RE
ABOUT TO SEND A KID
TO COLLEGE.
THEY BARELY
HAVE ANY MONEY
IN THE BANK.
THEIR RELATIONSHIP
THE PAST COUPLE
OF YEARS
HASN'T EXACTLY
BEEN ROCK-SOLID.
EVERYTHING'S
SO UNSTABLE.
IT JUST SEEMS...
COMPLETELY
IRRESPONSIBLE.
IT IS.
YEAH, BUT I CAN'T
FEEL THAT WAY.
I MEAN, I DON'T
WANNA FEEL THAT WAY,
YOU KNOW?
I WANNA BE HAPPY
FOR THEM.
ANY IDEA HOW I CAN
SWING THAT?
YOU MEAN HOW CAN
YOU MAKE YOURSELF
FEEL SOMETHING
THAT YOU'RE NOT?
HEH HEH!
I DON'T KNOW.
ALL I KNOW IS
I CAN'T HELP BUT WONDER
HOW YOUR MOM FEELS
RIGHT NOW.
I MEAN, SHE'S THE ONE
WITH THE BABY GROWING
INSIDE OF HER,
YOU KNOW, THE ONE
WHO DOESN'T HAVE
ANY MONEY
IN THE BANK,
THE ONE WHOSE KID
IS ABOUT TO GO
OFF TO COLLEGE,
THE ONE WHO JUST
GOT BACK TOGETHER
WITH HER HUSBAND.
I--YOU KNOW.
I KNEW YOU WERE
THE RIGHT PERSON
TO TALK TO.
I'M STARTING
TO FEEL BAD
ALREADY.
I GOTTA GO.
WHY?
BREAK'S OVER.
I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
OK.
HAVE A SEAT.
DID YOU SCHEDULE
A PELVIC EXAM
WITH THE DOCTOR?
MM-HMM.
OK, I'M GONNA ASK YOU
A FEW QUESTIONS,
AND I APOLOGIZE
AHEAD OF TIME
IF THEY ARE
A LITTLE BIT
UNSETTLING.
ARE YOU READY?
ARE YOU CURRENTLY
SEXUALLY ACTIVE?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
ARE YOU CURRENTLY
HAVING INTERCOURSE?
OH! I'M--I'M SORRY.
I WASN'T SURE.
NEVER MIND. I--
NO, I--BUT I'M GOING
TO BE HAVING
INTERCOURSE.
IT'S--THAT'S
WHY I'M HERE.
ARE YOU AWARE
THAT THERE IS
A CHLAMYDIA EPIDEMIC
AND THAT SYPHILIS CASES
ARE ON THE RISE?
SYPHILIS?
ARE YOU AWARE
THAT THERE IS
CURRENTLY NO CURE
FOR THE SEXUALLY
TRANSMITTED DISEASES
HERPES, HIV, AND HPV?
AND ARE YOU AWARE
THAT WHILE THE PILL
OFFERS EXCELLENT PROTECTION
AGAINST PREGNANCY,
IT DOES NOT PROTECT
AGAINST SEXUALLY
TRANSMITTED DISEASES?
HAVE YOU HAD
SEXUAL RELATIONS
IN THE PAST,
AND IF SO,
WERE THERE ANY INSTANCES
OF UNPROTECTED SEX?
NO, I'M...
A VIRGIN, 100%
AND ARE YOU CURRENTLY
IN A MONOGAMOUS
RELATIONSHIP?
SO FAR AS I KNOW.
IS THERE ANY REASON
WHY YOU'D THINK
YOUR PARTNER'S
NOT BEING MONOGAMOUS?
OH, NO, NO! I--
I WAS JUST KIDDING.
HE'S DEFINITELY
MONOG--
YOU KNOW, JOEY,
SOMETIMES WE THINK
OUR PARTNER
IS BEING MONOGAMOUS--
NO, HE'S DEFINITELY
MONOGAMOUS.
THERE'S REALLY
NO DOUBT IN MY MIND.
REGARDLESS, IT'S IMPORTANT
TO PRACTICE SAFE SEX.
NOW, IS YOUR PARTNER
WILLING TO WEAR CONDOMS?
YES.
MS. POTTER,
THESE AREN'T EVEN
THE HARD QUESTIONS.
WHAT IF YOU
BECOME PREGNANT
OR CONTRACT AN STD?
I MEAN, THESE ARE
THE POTENTIAL
CONSEQUENCES OF SEX.
OK. MAYBE
YOU SHOULD KNOW
THE OTHER SIDE
OF THE COIN, JOEY.
I MEAN, SEX CAN BE
A WONDERFUL, FUN,
FULFILLING
PART OF LIFE.
THERE'S NOTHING
TO BE ASHAMED
OR AFRAID OF.
I JUST...
WANT YOU
TO APPROACH IT
WITH A CERTAIN LEVEL
OF MATURITY
AND RESPONSIBILITY,
THAT'S ALL.
OK. SO YOU SCHEDULED
YOUR PELVIC EXAM
FOR NEXT WEEK.
IN THE MEANTIME,
HERE YOU GO.
CONDOMS, SPERMICIDE,
SOME INFORMATION
ABOUT BIRTH CONTROL,
DEPO-PROVERA,
OTHER BIRTH CONTROL
OPTIONS.
AND JOEY?
YEAH?
SMILE.
HMM!
YOU KNOW
THAT GIRL MOLLY,
THE ONE
THAT NEVER WANTS
TO TALK?
YEAH?
I DON'T KNOW.
I FEEL LIKE I'M--
I'M BRINGING HER
OUT OF HER SHELL
OR MAKING
A DIFFERENCE
OR SOMETHING.
YOU THINK
THAT'S STUPID?
NAH, I THINK
THAT'S PRETTY AWESOME.
THERE IS
ONE PROBLEM.
YOU KNOW
THAT GIRL CAROLINE
WHO COMES
TO PRACTICE
WITH MOLLY?
I THINK SHE
PROPOSITIONED ME
YESTERDAY.
WHAT? NO! OK.
WAS SHE JUST FLIRTING?
I MEAN, MAYBE SHE WAS
JUST FLIRTING.
NO, NO, NO.
NO, SHE WAS
ONE STEP AWAY
FROM REACHING
HER HAND
DOWN MY PANTS
AND CHECKING OUT
THE MERCHANDISE.
EWW! OK, I DO NOT
NEED TO HEAR THAT.
I KNOW, BUT YOU
GOTTA HELP ME,
'CAUSE SHE
WON'T TAKE NO
FOR AN ANSWER.
I MEAN, I THINK
THE WORD "NO"
JUST TURNS HER ON
EVEN MORE.
SO JUST TELL HER
YOU'RE GAY.
ANDIE...
THE WORD "GAY"
IS KIND OF
CONTROVERSIAL
WHEN YOU'RE
TALKING ABOUT
WORKING WITH KIDS.
OH, THAT'S CRAP.
I KNOW IT'S CRAP,
BUT IT'S A REALITY.
I MEAN, ALL I WANNA
DO RIGHT NOW
IS JUST PUT
"SOCCER COACH"
ON MY COLLEGE APPS,
NOT "GAY
CIVIL RIGHTS
CRUSADER."
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
I'LL HELP YOU OUT
WITH THIS.
YEAH, THANKS.
OH, AND, UH, JACK?
YOU KNOW, I JUST HOPE
THAT YOU'RE
A BETTER COACH
THAN YOU ARE A PLAYER,
BECAUSE YOU SUCK!
HA! YES, ANOTHER ONE!
[FAINT TALKING]
GOOD. YOU GUYS
ARE HOME.
UH, I WANT
TO TALK TO YOU.
WHAT IS IT,
DAWSON?
IT'S ABOUT
HOW I REACTED
WHEN I FOUND OUT
THAT MOM
WAS PREGNANT.
UM...
I WAS
REALLY SHOCKED
AND, UM...
MAYBE
A LITTLE BIT
DISAPPOINTED,
BUT I'VE BEEN
THINKING,
AND I'VE JUST--
I'VE REALIZED
THAT...
HEH!
THIS IS AMAZING.
I MEAN...
GOD, I'M--
I'M GONNA HAVE
A LITTLE BROTHER
OR SISTER.
I MEAN, HOW COOL
IS THAT?
DAWSON...
WE'RE NOT
GONNA HAVE THE BABY.
WHAT?
I KNOW.
BELIEVE ME,
THIS ISN'T EXACTLY
THE WAY THAT WE
WANTED TO TELL YOU.
YOU KNOW,
W-WAIT A SEC--
J-JUST...
JUST LIKE THAT?
YOU MAKE A DECISION
LIKE THIS IN A DAY?
UH, WELL, NO,
ACTUALLY, DAWSON,
IT WASN'T
JUST LIKE THAT.
I HAD SUSPECTED
THAT I WAS PREGNANT
FOR SOME TIME.
I JUST DIDN'T
WANNA DEAL WITH IT
BECAUSE I KNEW
WHAT MY DECISION
WOULD BE IF I WAS.
I CAN'T
BELIEVE THIS.
WELL, HONEY,
YOU SHOULD BE HAPPY.
YOUR LACKLUSTER ATTEMPT
AT EXCITEMENT JUST NOW
WASN'T EXACTLY
OSCAR-WORTHY.
MOM, I MEANT
EVERYTHING
THAT I SAID.
I'M TRYING TO BE
SUPPORTIVE.
DAD, YOU ACTUALLY
AGREED TO THIS?
YES, I DID.
NO, DAWSON.
HE'S LYING TO PROTECT ME.
IT WAS MY IDEA
AND MY SUGGESTION.
AND YES, I KNOW.
I'M A TERRIBLE MOTHER,
AREN'T I?
TH-THAT'S NOT
WHAT I SAID.
LET'S NOT PRETEND
IT'S NOT WHAT
YOU THINK, HONEY.
IT'S NO LIE
THAT I HAVE MESSED UP
AT BEING YOUR MOTHER
AT EVERY TURN,
THAT I'M THE ONE
THAT TORE
YOUR FAMILY APART--
WAIT A--
D-DON'T USE ME
AS THE EXCUSE
FOR MAKING
THIS DECISION.
THAT'S NOT FAIR.
IT'S NOT AN EXCUSE,
DAWSON.
NO, I SAT DOWN,
AND I CONSIDERED
ALL THE FACTS.
AND THE FACT IS...
I CAN'T DO IT AGAIN.
I CAN'T HANDLE
THE MISTAKES.
NOW, YOU PUT
THAT TOGETHER
WITH THE MONEY ISSUES
AND MY AGE
AND EVERYTHING ELSE,
AND THE ONLY ANSWER
IS...
I CAN'T HAVE THE BABY.
NOW, HONEY, MAYBE YOU'RE
GONNA HATE ME FOREVER
BECAUSE OF THIS,
OR MAYBE YOU'LL
NEVER BE ABLE
TO UNDERSTAND,
BUT THE FACT IS...
THIS IS MY DECISION,
AND I HAVE MADE IT.
AND NOW
THIS DISCUSSION...
IT'S OVER.
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
[KNOCKS
AT DOOR]
HEY, YOUR MOTHER
WANTED ME
TO TELL YOU
THAT BREAKFAST
IS READY.
WELL, TELL MY MOTHER
I'M NOT HUNGRY.
SHE ALSO WANTED ME
TO TELL YOU
THAT SHE'S SORRY
YOU'RE UPSET.
AND I CAN
PERSONALLY ATTEST
TO HER NOT SLEEPING
A WINK LAST NIGHT.
IS SHE REALLY
GONNA DO THIS?
YES.
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I WANT.
BUT I DO KNOW
THAT I DON'T
WANT HER
GOING THROUGH
WITH THE PREGNANCY
IF IT'S NOT
THE RIGHT THING
FOR HER TO DO.
ULTIMATELY
IT'S HER BODY,
HER DECISION.
I RESPECT THAT.
WHAT IF IT'S
THE WRONG DECISION?
DID I EVER TELL YOU
THAT WE TRIED
FOR 3 YEARS
TO GET PREGNANT
BEFORE WE HAD YOU?
NO.
YEAH.
WE'D JUST ABOUT GIVEN UP.
AND THEN,
AFTER YOU WERE BORN,
WE TRIED AGAIN.
5 YEARS OF HOPE
AND DISAPPOINTMENT.
I HAD ALWAYS WANTED
A BIG FAMILY, YOU KNOW.
A HOUSE FILLED
WITH LOVE
AND ALL THAT.
ADMITTING
THAT IT WOULD
NEVER HAPPEN...
THAT WAS DEVASTATING.
BUT THEN, ONE MORNING,
I WOKE UP...
I REALIZED
THAT IT DID HAPPEN.
MY HOUSE
IS FILLED WITH LOVE,
AND MY LIFE IS FULL.
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE FOR THE REST
OF MY LIFE,
I'LL WONDER, "WHAT IF?"
BUT NOW...
I AM JUST SO GRATEFUL
TO HAVE YOU.
AND YOUR MOTHER.
MAKES ALL THE REST
EASIER TO DEAL WITH.
Bessie: JOEY,
WOULD YOU PLEASE TELL
YOUR STUPID BOYFRIEND
TO STOP SNEAKING
HIS SMELLY CLOTHES
INTO OUR LAUNDRY.
I'M TRYING TO RUN
A BUSINESS HERE.
AND I'M TALKING
TO AN EMPTY ROOM.
Joey: WHAT
ARE YOU DOING?
NOTHING.
JUST LAUNDRY.
I GOTTA GO.
AW, MAN, WE STINK.
Caroline: READY
FOR THE GAME
THIS AFTERNOON?
UH...
WELL,
OUR DEFENSE SUCKS,
AND OUR OFFENSE
IS MERELY TERRIBLE.
HA HA!
I'M SURE THEY'LL
DO GREAT.
SO, JACK,
LISTEN,
I WAS THINKING
MAYBE TONIGHT,
WE COULD--
OH, UH, JACK,
WE'VE GOT THAT THING
WE'VE GOTTA DO TONIGHT.
AND WHO ARE YOU?
I'M JACK'S
GIRLFRIEND.
REALLY? I THOUGHT
YOU WERE HIS SISTER.
OH, YEAH, UM,
WELL, ACTUALLY,
I AM. HEH HEH!
I'M JUST MAKING SURE
NO ONE LAYS A HAND
ON JACKERS HERE,
'CAUSE, UH, NATASHA--
THAT'S HIS GIRLFRIEND--
UH, SHE'S A BLACK BELT,
AND SHE'D GET
REALLY PISSED.
REALLY. NATASHA?
NATASHA WHO?
NATASHA...BOYARDEE.
NATASHA BOYARDEE?
[CHUCKLING] LOOK,
I REALLY APPRECIATE
THE OVERPROTECTIVE
SIBLING THING. I DO.
BUT I THINK
JACK HERE
CAN MAKE
HIS OWN DECISIONS.
AND HE'S DECIDED.
HE'S NOT INTERESTED.
OR MAYBE
HE'S DECIDED
THAT IT'S NONE
OF YOUR BUSINESS
AND YOU SHOULD
BUTT OUT
AND LET HIM SPEAK
FOR HIMSELF.
OK, YOU KNOW WHAT?
IT'S JUST NOT
GONNA HAPPEN, OK?
AND WHY IS THAT?
BECAUSE.
THAT'S WHY?
BECAUSE?
BECAUSE I'M GAY.
ALL RIGHT?
WAIT A MINUTE.
OH! N--[LAUGHING]
YOU DIDN'T
THINK I MEANT--
BECAUSE I KNEW THAT.
HEH HEH!
OF COURSE
I KNEW THAT.
Dawson: HEY.
HEY.
UM, THANK YOU
FOR MEETING ME HERE.
I DIDN'T WANNA GO
TO YOUR PLACE
FOR OBVIOUS REASONS.
UNDERSTOOD.
WHAT'S UP?
MY MOM IS HAVING
AN ABORTION.
AND, UH,
I-I'M NOT SURE
THAT I'M DEALING
WITH IT TOO WELL.
AND ON--
ON TOP OF THAT,
I FEEL AWFUL
ABOUT WHAT THEY MUST
BE GOING THROUGH.
WELL, WHAT'S THE PROBLEM,
REALLY, DAWSON?
ARE YOU WORRIED
ABOUT THEM?
OR IS IT THAT
YOUR ILLUSIONS
OF PARENTAL INFALLIBILITY
ARE FINALLY SHATTERED?
WELL, THEY WERE
PRETTY MUCH
SHATTERED
DURING
MY MOM'S AFFAIR.
BUT, UM...
WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM?
WHAT DO YOU THINK
MY PROBLEM IS, DAWSON?
I THINK
YOU WENT THROUGH
WHAT MY MOM'S
GOING THROUGH.
HEH. YOU'RE GOOD.
UH, Y-YOU DON'T
HAVE TO TALK
ABOUT IT
IF YOU DON'T
WANT TO.
WELL, ISN'T THAT WHY
YOU CALLED ME HERE?
[EXHALES]
I NEED TO UNDERSTAND
WHY SHE'S DOING IT.
AND I KNOW
THAT YOUR SITUATION
IS PROBABLY
COMPLETELY
DIFFERENT, BUT--
I THOUGHT YOU MIGHT
BE ABLE TO HELP ME.
OTHERWISE,
I NEVER WOULD HAVE
BROUGHT IT UP.
HEH! IT'S OK.
I GET IT.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I DID GET PREGNANT
LAST SEMESTER.
IN THE BACKSEAT
OF MY--MY BOYFRIEND'S
GEO PRIZM
IN THE DORM
PARKING LOT
WHILE MY ROOMMATE
WAS STUDYING FOR FINALS.
LYNYRD SKYNYRD
WAS ON THE RADIO.
AND I HATE
LYNYRD SKYNYRD...
WHICH MADE ME
EVEN MADDER
WHEN I FOUND OUT
THAT I WAS PREGNANT.
SO, THERE I WAS,
YOU KNOW,
20 YEARS OLD,
PILES OF
STUDENT LOANS,
A--A 2.9 GPA.
SO I MADE
A DECISION.
IT WAS
THE HARDEST DECISION
THAT I EVER MADE
IN MY LIFE.
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
BUT IT DIDN'T
MATTER, BECAUSE...
A WEEK LATER,
I WOKE UP,
AND IT WAS OVER.
I HAD A MISCARRIAGE.
AND YOU'D THINK
THAT I'D BE HAPPY,
YOU KNOW?
BUT I WASN'T.
I FELT REALLY GUILTY.
YOU KNOW, FOR--
FOR GETTING OFF EASY,
FOR--FOR FEELING
RELIEVED,
AND FOR PUTTING MYSELF
IN A POSITION
WHERE I EVEN HAD TO MAKE
THAT KIND OF A DECISION.
DOES THAT MEAN
THAT YOUR
DECISION
WAS THE SAME
AS MY MOM'S?
DOES IT
REALLY MATTER?
NO.
THANK YOU.
FOR WHAT?
FOR TRUSTING ME.
I WON'T
TELL ANYONE.
I KNOW YOU WON'T.
Bessie: I HOPE YOU'RE HUNGRY.
THIS IS GONNA BE DELICIOUS.
HEY, I GOT
AN "A" ON THAT
ENGLISH TEST.
OH, GOOD
FOR YOU, JO.
YEAH, I WAS
UP ALL NIGHT
STUDYING AT PACEY'S.
I'M EXHAUSTED.
I'M SURE YOU ARE.
EXCUSE ME?
NOTHING.
PASS THE POTATOES.
NOT UNTIL
YOU TELL ME
WHAT THAT MEANT.
BODIE, DEAR,
WILL YOU PLEASE PASS
THE POTATOES?
YOU'LL GET
THE POTATOES
WHEN YOU TELL ME
WHAT THAT MEANT, BESS.
YOU WANNA KNOW
WHAT IT MEANT? FINE.
IT MEANT EITHER
YOU WERE AT PACEY'S
HAVING SEX ALL NIGHT
OR YOU'VE STARTED
YOUR OWN MAIL-ORDER
BIRTH-CONTROL BUSINESS
OUT OF YOUR BEDROOM.
I KNEW IT!
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU SNOOPED
IN MY ROOM.
IT WAS HARD
TO MISS, JO.
YOU'VE GOT
ENOUGH IN THERE
TO FILL A WAREHOUSE.
AND I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
I'D LOCK YOU IN THERE
IF IT WAS LEGAL,
BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT READY
TO HAVE SEX.
OH, SO NOW YOU'RE PLAYING
MS. RESPONSIBLE CARETAKER?
BESSIE, YOU LET ME SPEND
AN ENTIRE SUMMER
SAILING AROUND ON A BOAT
WITH PACEY ALONE.
I DIDN'T LET YOU.
YOU JUST WENT.
WHAT COULD I HAVE
POSSIBLY SAID?
NOTHING.
JUST LIKE THERE'S
NOTHING THAT YOU
CAN SAY ABOUT THIS.
THERE IS ONE THING
I CAN SAY ABOUT IT,
YOUNG LADY.
YOU'RE MAKING
THE BIGGEST MISTAKE
OF YOUR LIFE.
BESSIE,
FOR YOUR INFORMATION,
I'M NOT HAVING SEX, OK?
BUT AT SOME POINT,
I PROBABLY WILL,
AND THERE'S NOTHING
YOU CAN DO TO STOP ME.
YOU'RE
A 17-YEAR-OLD GIRL
WHO DOESN'T UNDERSTAND
THE FIRST THING
ABOUT CONSEQUENCES
AND RESPONSIBILITY.
YOU ARE NOT READY
TO HAVE SEX!
I AM THE OLDEST
17-YEAR-OLD
IN CAPESIDE, BESSIE.
MY WHOLE LIFE
IS CONSEQUENCES
AND RESPONSIBILITY,
OK?
SO, IF YOU'LL
EXCUSE ME,
I THINK I'LL GO
TO MY "BIRTH CONTROL
WAREHOUSE."
BREAK!
GO GET 'EM. GOOD LUCK.
WHAT'S THE MATTER, MOLLY?
YOU NERVOUS ABOUT THE GAME?
BILLY AND TODD
AREN'T COMING.
WE'RE DEFINITELY
GONNA LOSE.
THEY'RE COMING.
THEY'RE JUST A LITTLE LATE,
THAT'S ALL.
THEIR DADS CALLED MY DAD.
THEY SAID THEY
HAD TO QUIT THE TEAM
BECAUSE
YOU'RE DANGEROUS.
THEY'RE NOT COMING.
OK, UM...
MOLLY, I WANT YOU
TO REMEMBER SOMETHING.
WHETHER OR NOT TODD
AND BILLY QUIT THE TEAM
OR IF, FOR THAT MATTER,
EVERYBODY QUITS THE TEAM,
YOU AND ME ARE GONNA
PLAY SOME SOCCER,
AND THEN WE'RE
GONNA GET SOME PIZZA.
OK?
DON'T WORRY, COACH JACK.
THEY'RE ALL JUST JERKS.
I KNOW
YOU'RE NOT DANGEROUS.
INTERESTING FLOOR SHOW
EARLIER,
THOUGH I'M NOT SURE
IT'S GOOD FOR
REPEAT BUSINESS.
YOU KNOW, SOMETIMES
I DON'T GET HER.
I MEAN, IT'S
NOT LIKE I'M PERFECT
BY ANY MEANS,
BUT THERE ARE A LOT
OF KIDS OUT THERE
DOING A LOT
OF STUPID THINGS,
AND I JUST THINK
THAT SHE LUCKED OUT
WITH ME.
I'D SAY YOU'RE RIGHT.
SO WHY IS SHE
BEING SO IRRATIONAL?
YOUR SISTER WORRIES
ABOUT YOU, JO...
ALL THE TIME, IN FACT.
SHE DOESN'T WANT YOU
TO END UP LIKE HER.
SHE WANTS MORE FOR YOU.
YOU KNOW,
YOU'RE THE ONE WHO'S
SUPPOSED TO GET OUTTA HERE.
SHE JUST WANTS TO MAKE SURE
THAT HAPPENS.
I KNOW.
I HAVEN'T MADE
MY DECISION YET.
ABOUT SEX, I MEAN.
I...
I JUST THOUGHT
THAT IF I GOT PREPARED,
THEN I WOULD BE READY,
AND THEN AFTERWARDS,
I GOT REALLY SCARED.
AND THEN THIS MORNING,
I FELT LIKE
I WAS READY AGAIN,
AND THEN...
THIS AFTERNOON, I...
I WASN'T SO SURE.
YOU KNOW, JO, I CAN'T
TELL YOU WHAT TO DO.
NO ONE CAN.
FOR NOW, ALL I CAN SAY IS
IF YOU'RE NOT READY
TO BE PREPARED FOR SEX,
THEN YOU'RE PROBABLY
NOT READY FOR SEX.
UM...
I JUST GOT A FEW MINUTES
BEFORE I GOTTA GO
TO MR. BROOKS',
BUT, UM...
UH...
I WANTED TO SAY SOMETHING
ABOUT HOW I FEEL
ABOUT YOUR SITUATION.
MOM, YOU SAID
THAT WHEN YOU SAT DOWN
TO MAKE THIS DECISION
THAT YOU CONSIDERED
ALL THE FACTS.
BUT I THINK
YOU'RE FORGETTING
THE MOST IMPORTANT ONE,
AND I JUST
WANT TO MAKE SURE
THAT YOU HAVE IT
BEFORE YOU MAKE
YOUR FINAL DECISION.
YOU ARE THE BEST MOTHER
THAT I KNOW,
AND YOU'RE WRONG
IF YOU THINK
YOU'VE DISAPPOINTED ME
AT EVERY TURN, MOM.
ALL YOU'VE DONE
IS MAKE ME PROUD.
YOU'RE NOT AFRAID
TO MAKE MISTAKES
AND THEN TO PICK UP
AND TO KEEP GOING
AND KEEP TRYING NEW THINGS,
AND I OWE SO MUCH
OF WHO I AM TO YOU...
TO BOTH OF YOU.
I...
I USED TO IDEALIZE
THIS PERFECT CHILDHOOD
WITH THIS
PERFECT LITTLE HOUSE,
AND THEN...
YOU GUYS GAVE ME SOMETHING
SO MUCH BETTER.
YOU GAVE ME SOMETHING REAL.
AND WERE I
TO DO IT OVER AGAIN,
I WOULD NOT CHANGE A THING.
AND IF YOU GUYS ARE EVEN
HALF THE PARENTS
TO YOUR NEXT KID
THAT YOU WERE TO ME,
HE WOULD BE THE LUCKIEST KID
IN THE WHOLE WORLD.
THANK YOU, HONEY.
IT'S GONNA BE OK, MOM.
YOU KNOW, I THINK
WE SHOULD PROBABLY
SLOW THIS DOWN A NOTCH.
OK.
WHAT?
LET'S TURN IT DOWN
A NOTCH.
I MEAN, IF THAT'S
WHAT YOU WANT,
I RESPECT THAT.
OH...
WELL...
THANKS.
PERHAPS YOU WERE HOPING
THAT IF YOU TURN
THE TABLES ON ME,
I MIGHT GET PARANOID,
'CAUSE I'M ALWAYS
THE ONE THAT'S
STOPPING THINGS,
AND NOW, SUDDENLY,
YOU'RE STOPPING THINGS,
SO MAYBE I
NEED TO GO FURTHER,
MAYBE EVEN,
YOU KNOW, PAY A VISIT
TO THE FREE CLINIC,
STOCK UP ON GOODIES,
AND BRING 'EM BACK HERE,
AND THEN WE'D HAVE SEX.
WAIT A MINUTE.
DID YOU ACTUALLY GO
TO THE FREE CLINIC
TO STOCK UP ON GOODIES?
I CAN NEITHER CONFIRM
NOR DENY SUCH REPORTS.
ALL RIGHT, HOLD ON.
UH, JO...
I REALLY WAS--
I WAS JUST KINDA KIDDING
ABOUT THE WHOLE THING.
ALL I WANTED TO DO
WAS TO JUMP-START
THE CONVERSATION.
I'M ACTUALLY REALLY GLAD
THAT I WENT.
SO IT'S...
YOU KNOW, IT'S FINE.
NO, IT'S REALLY NOT OK.
I DON'T WANT TO MAKE YOU
DO ANYTHING THAT YOU'RE
NOT READY TO DO.
I KNOW.
AND, PACEY,
I GET IT.
JUST AS LONG
AS YOU REALIZE
THAT IF YOU DO TURN INTO
SOME TYPICAL
HORMONE-FILLED,
SILLY-ASS BOY
AND TRY
TO MANIPULATE ME AGAIN,
I'M OUT THE DOOR.
JO, I'M SORRY.
I KNOW.
YOU KNOW, PACE,
JUST BECAUSE WE'RE
NOT HAVING SEX YET,
IT...
WELL, THERE ARE
CERTAIN THINGS
THAT WE CAN DO.
WHAT KINDS OF THINGS?
[WHISPERING]
I could kiss you.
HMM. OR...
PERHAPS I COULD JUST
COME OVER THERE AND...
NO, NO, PACEY.
PACEY, NO!
PACEY, STOP IT!
STOP IT!
WHAT THE HELL
WAS I THINKING?
WHAT POSSESSED ME
JUST TO BLURT IT OUT
LIKE THAT?
COME ON, JACK, IT'S NOT
LIKE IT'S A BIG SECRET.
ANYONE CAN FIND OUT
IF THEY WANT TO.
I KNOW, I KNOW.
BUT IT'S NAIVE TO THINK
THAT PEOPLE AREN'T
GOING TO CARE, YOU KNOW?
IT'S NAIVE
TO THINK THAT PEOPLE
AREN'T GONNA BE
SMALL-MINDED AND BIGOTED
AND IGNORANT AND THAT
THIS WHOLE THING
ISN'T JUST GONNA GET
WORSE FROM HERE ON OUT.
MAYBE I SHOULD
JUST QUIT.
WH--OK, NOW THAT
IS RIDICULOUS, JACK,
BECAUSE YOU
DID THE RIGHT THING.
I MEAN, THE ALTERNATIVE
IS NOT TO TELL PEOPLE
WHO YOU ARE,
AND WHO WANTS
TO LIVE LIKE THAT?
AND BESIDES WHICH,
YOU ARE GREAT
WITH THESE KIDS.
SO WHAT YOU NEED TO DO
IS STICK WITH THE COACHING
AND JUST STOP WORRYING
ABOUT THE PARENTS AND
THEIR STUPID HANG-UPS, OK?
BECAUSE IT WILL BLOW OVER.
BUT I'M A GOOD PERSON,
ANDIE.
WHEN PEOPLE
LOOK AT ME, THEY SEE
SOMETHING AWFUL.
DO YOU KNOW
HOW THAT FEELS?
GIVE IT TIME.
IT WILL BLOW OVER, I SWEAR.
NAH, IT NEVER DOES.
IT WILL.
DO YOU MIND IF I,
UM, FINISH UP ALONE?
YOU SURE?
YEAH.
OK.
EACH TIME I STEP OUT
ONTO THIS PORCH
TO WATCH YOU AT WORK,
MR. LEERY,
I BREATHE A SIGH
OF RELIEF THAT
I'M NOT PAYING YOU.
THIS WAY, I CAN STILL
HIRE A PROFESSIONAL
TO PAINT OVER YOUR MESS.
YOU KNOW, MR. BROOKS,
I ACTUALLY THINK I'M
DOING A PRETTY GOOD JOB.
WE ALL HAVE
OUR ILLUSIONS.
AH, I SEE YOU'VE BEEN
HARD AT WORK ADDING
TO YOUR COLLECTION.
AH, TRITE.
A NAKED ATTEMPT
TO EVOKE SENTIMENT.
WHY NOT JUST SHOOT
A PHOTO OF A PUPPY
IN GARBAGE CAN, HUH?
HMM.
"HMM"? THAT'S THE BEST
SCATHING CRITICISM
YOU CAN MUSTER?
SOMETIMES HONESTY
IS SCATHING, DAWSON.
I CAN'T HELP THAT.
BUT THIS LAST ONE...
AH...
THIS LAST ONE
IS ACTUALLY NOT BAD.
IT'S THE FIRST PICTURE
THAT MAKES A CONNECTION
WITH THE SUBJECT,
AS IF YOU'RE NOT ONLY
SHOOTING HER MELANCHOLY
BUT YOUR OWN.
THIS IS THE FIRST ONE
I'VE SEEN WITH A BIT
OF YOU IN IT.
THIS ONE HAS POTENTIAL.
I DON'T SEE YOU
PAINTING, MR. LEERY.
[DOOR SHUTS]